Two guarantees three
Summer Lily, if you dare to hurt my child
I will never let you go
I'm not even talking about a contract with two little kids
But I heard that your youngest daughter is sick.
Need 1 million
Right?
Useless trash mom like you
Daughter can't be saved
I will try my best to cure my daughter's illness
I don't need your cat to protect the mouse.
What effort do you make?
You are now fired.
Offended again
There is no place for you in the entire river city
It's just a dream
I am now
But the only person in the world who can save you
There's 1 million here to save your daughter's life
Do you want it? If you want, kneel down and crawl over
Why don't you want to?
Hey
It seems that you don't love your daughter very much?
I must save Mr. Sibao
Before we leave
Would you like to say hello to the Governor?
It's okay, let's go
Young Master Xie, this is the information about giving birth outside before
Here it is.
Xia Zhu
He also gave birth in that hospital
I ask you if this information is true